# VGER
Code samples from my work on a my autonomous robot project.

One day this robot will be able to find a path, recognise objects, detect faces and so many others...

## VGER beta 2
### Hardware
* Google Tanglo Tablet
* The same as in beta 1

### Software
* Work in progress.

As the Google Tango Tablet run android, part of the software will be java and running on android.
As the tablet is quit powerfull I would like to run all software on it moreover this setup should simplify some hardware topic as battery management / charging.
The cons is that beeing restricted on java + android is annoying... Moreover use of lib like opencv in real time is realy easy in python as for other lib...

### Goals
My main task now is to find an hardware setup that allow me to have fun on writing software and avoid some issue (as power mananagement)
* ROS look fun but maybe not adequat with a "small" hardware project (even less if running only on one android device)
* running an arm linux chrooted on the tango talbet ?

On the same time I looking on how to find a path from the point cloud generated by the tablet.
* using an homemade java alogrithm that detect "big" depth difference
* using Nearest Neighbors classification algorithm with scikit-learn
I've got "working" code for those 2 cases but I still need to validate the result. I'll add the samle code + data to the repository as soon as I have more relevant information.




## VGER beta 1
### Hardware
* 4 wheel drive platform
* arduino compatible board
* 2 infrared distance sensors
* temperature sensor
* humidity sensor
* ultrasonic sensor on 360° servo
* raspberry pi + camera

### Software
* web server that receive direction command (forward / backward / left / right) and send it to the arduino board through serial port.
One version of this web server was done using node.js and an other one was done using java.

### Goals
* Play with adruino board
* have a remotly controled robot.